September Serenity Updates (#1006)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/updates/2021-09/2-categories.md

---
pim_announcement_img: ./img/pim-categorytree.png
pim_announcement_alt_img: "Category UI"
pim_announcement_audience:
- EE
- CE
---

# Improved Category Creation and Navigation
::: meta-data type="New" features="Productivity" available="mid-August" in="EE,GE"

> When creating a new category, you can now define its label for the current locale together with the code. This is quite a time saver as you no longer need to click around to access the label field. And there is more, when navigating through the categories, when going back to your category trees, you will see a collapsed view showing in which context the category you were editing is.

Author: ```suggestion
When creating a new category, you can now define its label for the current locale together with the code. This makes setting labels easier when you're working within the PIM. And there is more, when navigating through the categories, when going back to your category trees, you will see an expanded view showing in which context the category you were editing is.
```
